README.md, before:

# PhoenixAI Vigilante

<!-- ![PhoenixAI Vigilante Logo](link_to_logo) -->

**PhoenixAI Vigilante** is an intelligent cybersecurity and data analytics platform designed to safeguard web projects and provide actionable insights for developers and website owners. Leveraging advanced artificial intelligence and data analysis techniques, PhoenixAI Vigilante offers comprehensive protection against security threats, performance issues, and compliance risks.

## Goals

- **Enhanced Security**: Detect and mitigate potential security threats and vulnerabilities in web projects, ensuring robust protection against cyber attacks and breaches.
  
- **Data-Driven Insights**: Analyze website data to extract valuable insights and trends, empowering users to make informed decisions and optimize their projects for performance and user experience.
  
- **User-Friendly Interface**: Provide an intuitive and user-friendly interface for initiating analysis processes, viewing reports, and accessing recommendations, making cybersecurity and data analytics accessible to all users.

## Features

### Free Features

- **Basic Analysis and Reporting**: Perform basic analysis of project dependencies, compatibility issues, and performance metrics, and generate detailed reports with recommendations for improvement.
  
- **Manual Remediation Suggestions**: Provide manual suggestions and recommendations for addressing identified issues, such as upgrading dependencies or optimizing code.
  
- **Limited Self-Healing**: Implement a basic self-healing mechanism for automatically applying patches or updates for common issues detected during the analysis process.
  
- **CLI Interface**: Offer a command-line interface (CLI) for initiating analysis processes and viewing reports directly from the terminal.
  
- **Community Support and Documentation**: Provide access to community support forums, documentation, and tutorials to assist users in utilizing the platform effectively.

## Getting Started

To get started with PhoenixAI Vigilante, follow these steps:

1. **Installation**: Install the package using pip:

   ```
   pip install phoenixai-vigilante
   ```

2. **Configuration**: Configure the package by specifying project URLs or repositories to analyze, analysis depth, and other options as needed.

3. **Run Analysis**: Use the provided CLI commands to initiate analysis processes and view generated reports.

4. **Explore Recommendations**: Review the analysis reports and recommendations provided by PhoenixAI Vigilante, and take appropriate actions to improve the security and performance of your web projects.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community to help improve PhoenixAI Vigilante! Whether it's through code contributions, bug reports, feature requests, or documentation improvements, your input is invaluable in making this project better for everyone.


## Assurance Notes:

We are committed to continuous improvement and development of PhoenixAI Vigilante. As part of our future plans, we will be releasing an npm package to support JavaScript-based projects. Stay tuned for updates!

Commit message:

updated readme doc to clarify project status

README.md, after:

# PhoenixAI Vigilante

<!-- ![PhoenixAI Vigilante Logo](link_to_logo) -->

**PhoenixAI Vigilante** is an intelligent cybersecurity and data analytics platform designed to safeguard web projects and provide actionable insights for developers and website owners. Leveraging advanced artificial intelligence and data analysis techniques, PhoenixAI Vigilante offers comprehensive protection against security threats, performance issues, and compliance risks.

## Goals

- **Enhanced Security**: Detect and mitigate potential security threats and vulnerabilities in web projects, ensuring robust protection against cyber attacks and breaches.
  
- **Data-Driven Insights**: Analyze website data to extract valuable insights and trends, empowering users to make informed decisions and optimize their projects for performance and user experience.
  
- **User-Friendly Interface**: Provide an intuitive and user-friendly interface for initiating analysis processes, viewing reports, and accessing recommendations, making cybersecurity and data analytics accessible to all users.

## Features

### Free Features

- **Basic Analysis and Reporting**: Perform basic analysis of project dependencies, compatibility issues, and performance metrics, and generate detailed reports with recommendations for improvement.
  
- **Manual Remediation Suggestions**: Provide manual suggestions and recommendations for addressing identified issues, such as upgrading dependencies or optimizing code.
  
- **Limited Self-Healing**: Implement a basic self-healing mechanism for automatically applying patches or updates for common issues detected during the analysis process.
  
- **CLI Interface**: Offer a command-line interface (CLI) for initiating analysis processes and viewing reports directly from the terminal.
  
- **Community Support and Documentation**: Provide access to community support forums, documentation, and tutorials to assist users in utilizing the platform effectively.

## Getting Started

To get started with PhoenixAI Vigilante, follow these steps:

1. **Installation**: Install the package using pip:

   ```
   pip install phoenixai-vigilante
   ```

2. **Configuration**: Configure the package by specifying project URLs or repositories to analyze, analysis depth, and other options as needed.

3. **Run Analysis**: Use the provided CLI commands to initiate analysis processes and view generated reports.

4. **Explore Recommendations**: Review the analysis reports and recommendations provided by PhoenixAI Vigilante, and take appropriate actions to improve the security and performance of your web projects.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community to help improve PhoenixAI Vigilante! Whether it's through code contributions, bug reports, feature requests, or documentation improvements, your input is invaluable in making this project better for everyone.
Sure, here's the module part for the README:

## TODO 

### Modules (Free)

- [ ] **Language Identification**: Identify the primary programming language(s) used in a project (WIP - under dev).
- [ ] **Framework Identification**: Detect commonly used frameworks within a project (WIP - under dev).
- [ ] **Dependency Analysis**: Analyze project dependencies and identify outdated or vulnerable packages.
- [ ] **Code Quality Analysis**: Evaluate code quality metrics such as code complexity, duplication, and style violations.
- [ ] **Security Vulnerability Detection**: Identify security vulnerabilities in project codebase.
- [ ] **Performance Analysis**: Analyze project performance metrics and identify areas for optimization.

### Modules (Premium)

- [ ] **Advanced Security Scanning**: Deep dive into project codebase to detect complex security threats and vulnerabilities.
- [ ] **Custom Rule Engine**: Allow users to define custom rules for analyzing project code.
- [ ] **Intelligent Patching**: Automatically generate patches for identified issues and vulnerabilities.
- [ ] **Continuous Monitoring**: Monitor projects for changes and automatically trigger analysis workflows.
- [ ] **Integration with CI/CD Pipelines**: Seamlessly integrate PhoenixAI Vigilante into existing CI/CD pipelines for automated code analysis.

## Assurance Notes

We are committed to continuous improvement and development of PhoenixAI Vigilante. As part of our future plans, we will be releasing an npm package to support JavaScript-based projects. Stay tuned for updates!
